Enhancement - AGA Support. (#268)
AmigaPorts/ACE: docs/tools/palette_conv.md

If no output path is provided, it defaults to converting to `.gpl` format with same file name.

When writing `.plt`, optional flags:

| Flag | Effect |
|------|--------|
| _(none)_ | **v2 ECS/OCS** — sentinel `0`, big-endian count, packed 12-bit colors (input must be valid OCS 12-bit unless `-cc`) |
| `--aga` | **v2 AGA** — sentinel `1`, 4 bytes per color (`0`, R, G, B) |
| `--ocs` | Same as default (explicit ECS/OCS v2) |

> | `-cc` | With ECS/OCS output only: **truncate** 8-bit RGB inputs to 12-bit OCS precision (optional escape hatch; default is strict validation so bad colors surface here, not in `bitmap_conv`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-cc` | With ECS/OCS output only: **truncate** color inputs to 12-bit OCS precision (optional escape hatch; default is strict validation so bad colors surface here, not in `bitmap_conv`) |
```
